Arcana: Star
Name: Hifumi
Location: Kanda Church
Gift: Fountain Pen, Book Cover, Fan
Rank 1:
After 6/25, visit Kanda Church and talk to the girl towards the front. To start the cooperation you'll need at least rank 3 (suave) charm, otherwise she'll just ignore you.
Unlocks Koma Sabaki, which lets you swap out party members on the fly mid-battle whenever it's Joker's turn.
Rank 2:
Impactful Conversation Choices for this Rank:
Choice 1: "That's interesting." +2
Choice 3: "But you don't want to, right?" +2
Bonus: Knowledge Up
Rank 3:
Impactful conversation choices for this rank:
Choice 1: "Describes you perfectly." +2
Choice 2: "Having a difficult time?" +2
Unlocks Uchikomi, giving your non-present allies a chance to drop in for an extra attack after an enemy is downed.
Bonus: Knowledge Up
Rank 4:
Impactful conversation choices for this rank:
Choice 1: "I didn't mind." +2 / "Must've been the katsu curry." +2
Choice 2: "They're cool." +2
Bonus: Knowledge Up
Unlocks the Book Town location.
Rank 5:
Impactful conversation choices for this rank:
Choice 1: "She's scary." +2
Choice 2: "You should stop then." +2
Unlocks Kakoi Kuzushi, which allows you to attempt to escape from battle even when enemies have you surrounded.
Bonus: Knowledge Up
Rank 6:
Impactful conversation choices for this rank:
Choice 1: "Is that frustrating?" +2
Choice 2: "Do what you love." +2 / "Do you still like shogi?" +2
Bonus: Knowledge Up
Unlocks the Sky Tower Location.
Rank 7:
Impactful conversation choices for this rank:
Choice 1: "It may all come down to luck." +3 / "That's almost a relief." +2
Choice 2: "I believe in you." +3 / "Give it your all." +2
Unlocks Narikin, a chance to get double money if you win the battle in one full party turn after an ambush.
Bonus: Knowledge Up
Rank 8:
Requires rank 5 (erudite) knowledge.
Impactful conversation choices for this rank:
Choice 2: "That won't work." +2
After this a sidequest / request for Mementos is unlocked: Upstaging the Stage Mother.
Complete the Upstaging the Stage Mother sidequest, then return to Hifumi:
Choice 1: "I'm glad her heart changed." +3 / "Maybe..." +2
Bonus: Knowledge Up
Rank 9:
This is the point when a romance with Hifumi Togo becomes available.
Impactful conversation choices for this rank:
Choice 1: "A very queenly decision." +3
Choice 2:
Romance - "I want to stay by your side."
Friendship - "I want to become stronger."
Choice 3:
Romance - "I want us to date."
Friendship - "We'll be friends forever."
Unlocks Touryou, removing the need to wait before you can escape from battle.
Rank 10:
Any choices you make will be irrelevant, since this is the max rank.
Unlocks Togo System, allowing you to switch in and out party members during any party member's turn.