Arcana: Strength
Name: Twin Wardens
Location: Velvet Room
Rank 1:
Unlocked automatically on 5/18.
For rank 1, the twins want to see a Jack Frost with Mabufu.
Jack Frost learns this ability at level 12, and with Morgana's cooperation arcana burst you should be able to make one that hits this level easily.
To make Jack Frost, fuse Berith (Hierophant) with Apsaras (Priestess). These Persona are available in the first palace and in early areas of mementos.
Unlocks the Group Guillotine, a new fusing method that lets you fuse three Persona at once.
Rank 2:
For rank 2 the twins want to see a Shiissa with Frei.
To get a Shiissa with Frei you'll need to fuse Jack Frost (Magician) with Makami (Temperance). Makami will have Frei, and so you can choose for the resulting Shiissa to inherit the skill.
Rank 3:
For rank 3 Caroline and Justine demand a Matador with Magaru.
To get a Matador with Magaru you should combine Mokoi (Death) with Regent, a rare Treasure Persona - then select Magaru as an inherited skill.
You could also achieve this persona by fusing Nekomata (Magician) with Obariyon (Fool) and inherit Magaru.
Grants the Lockdown ability within the Velvet Room, allowing you to leave a Persona with the twins for training in attribute resistance.
Rank 4:For their 4th rank the twins want a Flauros with Tarukaja.
To get this Persona you need to do a group guillotine fusion: Berith (Hierophant), Andras (Devil) & Eligor (Emperor). Andras will learn Tarukaja when it levels up via Arcana Burst if you've done the Reporter cooperation some, or naturally through a bit of combat.
Rank 5:
For rank 5, Caroline and Justine challenge you to fuse a Ame-no-Uzume with Dodge Psy.
The Dodge Psy ability can be a bit elusive, but we found it by fusing Kin-Ki (Chariot) with Sui-Ki (Moon). Kin-Ki learns Dodge Psy at Level 27, so get it to that level and then select dodge psy as an inherited ability.
Your reward as well as a rank up is the Guillotine Booster, an increase to the range of group fusions you can do.
Rank 6:
Your relationship deepens, and the twin jailers next demand you fuse a Neko Shogun with Dekaja.
Anzu (Hierophant) learns Dekaja at level 28. Get this Persona to this level then perform an advanced fusion of Kodama (Star), Sudama (Hermit) and Anzu (Hierophant) - select Dekaja as an inherited ability.
Rank 7:
To get to the 7th rank Igor's deputies ask for a Lachesis with Tetraja.
To fuse this Persona, there are stages:
Fuse Lamia (Empress) and Sandman (Magician) to create Principality (Justice) with Tetraja. 
Fuse Principality (Justice) with Yaksini (Empress) to create Ame no Uzume (Lovers) - have it inherit Tetraja.
Fuse Ame no Uzume (Lovers) with Isis (Priestess) to create Lachesis - don't forget to inherit Tetraja as a skill.
Rank 8:
Close to the end, things get harder - Caroline and Justine want to see a Hecatoncheires with Masukunda.
The quickest path to this persona is Unicorn (Hierophant) fused with Lilim (Devil), then inherit Masukunda.
You can also fuse Clotho (Fortune) with Red Rider (Tower) or Belphegor (Tower).
Unlocks Isolation, a new Velvet Room facility that improves Lockdown.
Rank 9:
For rank 9 the twins want to see a Bugs with Samarecarm.
Bugs requires an advanced fusion of three persona - combine Pixie (Lovers) with Pisaca (Death) and Hariti (Empress). Hariti learns Samarecarm at level 41, so boost it there then inherit it from this fusion.
Rank 10:
Caroline and Justine present their ultimate challenge - the twin jailers want you to bring them a Seth with High Counter.
Getting Seth will require multiple steps once again:
You'll gain a skill card from the Mementos Mission The Killer Laughs in the Garbage Can, a request gained on 10/14. This skill card is for High Counter. Save it.
First, combine Hecatoncheir (Hanged) with Kushinada-Hime (Lovers) to get yourself a Horus (Sun) with the skill you need.
Then combine Isis (Priestess), Thoth (Emperor), Anubis (Judgment) and Horus (Sun) in order to create Seth.
Use the ability card to teach Seth High Counter.
Unlocks Special Treatment, allowing you to pay cash to break the rules and fuse Persona above your level.